---
layout: post
title:  Week Six
date: 2023-07-16 19:21:00
description: July 8th - July 15th
tags: SUIRP, Germany, Research
categories:
thumbnail: assets/img/zakk.jpg
---


<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/console.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/fries.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
</div>

This week, I began working on the writeup for my submission due on the 15th, and discovered the implementing foreign orthographies in Overleaf is a bit of a pain. After some time, I was able to get fonts for both Tajik Cyrillic (basically Russian with additional letters) and Perso-Arabic (basically Arabic with additional letters) working. This allowed me to include actual examples (glosses) in my writeup. As my work deals with the many differences between orthograhies, showing as many examples as possible in each script is extremely important.

I also started working more with the HPC, the supercomputer at Heinrich-Heine University, as I required more computing power than I was able to tap into with the lab machine at UF that I was remotely accessing. In my meeting with Dr. Tang last week, I brought in relevant literature from related research papers that showed that implementing a higher batch size when training our model would likely lead to better results. If the HPC works as it should, this should lead to better results.

Unexpectedly, I was also able to play for a fourth time in Venlo, as the carillonneur was unexpectedly unable to play that week. As this was my last week, I made sure to stop by the store 'Zwei Brüder', which had tons of deals that attract Germans there every week. I made sure to pick up some souvenirs for my parents, including some Douwe Egberts coffee and limited edition Fanta-flavored Mentos.

Later in the day, I headed to ZAKK Halle to see one of my favorite bands, Men I Trust, live in concert! I had been able to hear them last year in Cologne, and it was a great experience to see them again in Düsseldorf on their only German stop of the European tour.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/menitrust.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/zakk.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
